# Predict-The-Salary-of-An-Indian-Engineering-Graduate
Engineering is the use of scientific principles to design and build machines, structures, and other items, including bridges, tunnels, roads, vehicles, and buildings. The discipline of engineering encompasses a broad range of more specialized fields of engineering, each with a more specific emphasis on particular areas of applied mathematics, applied science, and types of application.  Engineering is a broad discipline that is often broken down into several sub-disciplines. Although an engineer will usually be trained in a specific discipline, he or she may become multi-disciplined through experience. Engineering is often characterized as having four main branches: chemical engineering, civil engineering, electrical engineering, and mechanical engineering. [Reference: Wikipedia]  

Engineering Graduates in India India has a total 6,214 Engineering and Technology Institutions in which around 2.9 million students are enrolled. Every year on an average 1.5 million students get their degree in engineering, but due to lack of skill required to perform technical jobs less than 20 percent get employment in their core domain. [source of information: BWEDUCATION]  

A relevant question is what determines the salary and the jobs these engineers are offered right after graduation. Various factors such as college grades, candidate skills, the proximity of the college to industrial hubs, the specialization one have, market conditions for specific industries determine this. On the basis of these various factors, my objective is to determine the salary of an engineering graduate in India.  I use linear regression method with python to determine the salary of an engineering graduate in India. but the unfortunate thing is that the data used is not normally distributed so that the prediction results of the model I recommend are not quite right. the next task is to normalize the data first for more suitable recommendations. Thank you.
